[en]: update spiderpool/install/rdmapara (#5223)
DaoCloud/DaoCloud-docs: docs/en/docs/network/modules/spiderpool/install/rdmapara.md

# RDMA Environment Preparation and Installation

This chapter mainly introduces the parameters and instructions for RDMA when installing Spiderpool.
Currently, RDMA supports the following two usage modes:

> - Based on Macvlan/IPVLAN CNI, using **RDMA Shared mode** to expose the RoCE network card on the host to the Pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Based on Macvlan/IPVLAN CNI, using **RDMA Shared mode** to expose the RoCE NIC on the host to the Pod.
```
NIC 或 network card，全文要一致

  It is necessary to deploy the [Shared Device Plugin](https://github.com/Mellanox/k8s-rdma-shared-dev-plugin)

>   to expose the RDMA NIC resources and schedule Pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to expose the RDMA NIC resources and schedule pods.
```
不要忽大忽小
